Add create_if_not_exists setting (#68164)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

- 1 — the [TimeSeries](../../engines/table-engines/integrations/time-series.md) table engine is enabled.

Default value: `0`.

## create_if_not_exists

> Enable IF NOT EXISTS for CREATE statements by default. If either this setting or IF NOT EXISTS is specified, then no Exception will be thrown when trying to create a new table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable `IF NOT EXISTS` for `CREATE` statement by default. If either this setting or `IF NOT EXISTS` is specified and a table with the provided name already exists, no exception will be thrown.
```
